{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16160\viewh15700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 On a web browser, go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gust.org.pl/projects/e-foundry/latin-modern/download"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gust.org.pl/projects/e-foundry/latin-modern/download}} and select the link labeled "The Latin Modern collection v. 2.004\'97OTF files". This will download a zip archive with many files.\
Open the folder of fonts you downloaded in the Finder and select all the files. Open the Font Book application, then drag the files you downloaded to the Font Book application icon in the Dock and drop it there. For each of the fonts you are prompted about, click "Install Font". \
Go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gust.org.pl/projects/e-foundry/lm-math/download/index_html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gust.org.pl/projects/e-foundry/lm-math/download/index_html}} and select the link labeled "Latin Modern Math (OTF), version 1.959". The font will download as a zip archive.\
In the folder that downloaded, find the file "latinmodern-math.otf", and drag it to the Font Book application icon. On the prompt, click "Install Font".\
Go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gust.org.pl/projects/e-foundry/tex-gyre/whole"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gust.org.pl/projects/e-foundry/tex-gyre/whole}} and select the link labeled "The TeX Gyre collection v. 2.501\'97OTF files". A zip archive will download.\
Open the folder of fonts that downloaded in the Finder, select all the files and drag them to the Font Book application icon. Approve the installation for each of the fonts.\
Go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gust.org.pl/projects/e-foundry/tg-math/download/index_html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gust.org.pl/projects/e-foundry/tg-math/download/index_html}} and download the OTF files for each of the fonts: TeX Gyre Bonum Math, TeX Gyre Pagella Math, TeX Gyre Schola Math, and TeX Gyre Termes Math. (There is a separate download link for each of the four fonts.)\
For each of the font folders that downloaded, locate the font file with a .otf extension, and drag it to the Font Book application icon. Approve the installation.\
 }